Hi everyone.
Today is Friday, March 20th. This is a
quadruple expiration. Uh,
they don't call it quad witching
anymore. They call it triple witching,
but we have the weekly options expiring,
the monthly options expiring.
We have the quarterly options expiring
all together. And of course, there's the
daily options that expire. That's when
they used to call it quad witching, but
that's what we've got. So, it's likely
to be a fairly big day. I put up an
interesting infographic on
um
Twitter, and hopefully you took a look
at it. It's about looking at the
different flows in options to see what
market makers actually do. So, later on
today, I'm going to put up a couple of
uh flashes of what the options board
looks like so that you can see that
where they're crowding, whether the puts
are in the money, out of the money,
whatever. So, let's take a look at the
E-mini S&P. Big numbers first. 6,500 is
the put wall. 6,600 was the put wall
yesterday. They moved it down, but we
see the zero DTEs sitting there at
6,600. I don't call out the zero DTEs
that much simply because they move
intraday, and if you are really sort of
stuck on that, and there's a big change
during the day, you get a little mixed
up. All right. So, that's where the put
wall is, 6,500. Call wall
6,900.
Hm, interesting.
And then,
um
we've got the pivot line at 66 60. Now,
very interesting for us to take a look
at all of these. We can see that the
pivots have been moving down 3 days in a
row. Sideways formations. The big JP
Morgan collar does not expire until next
week, but all of this underpinning is
going to show a fair amount of flow that
it'll come to the bottom and then
completely reverse, or move to the top
and then completely come down. What I
saw yesterday was the unwinding of all
the hedges that give us support negative
into the end of the month. That means
that the market makers were buying as
their risk
was limited.
And so, that unwinding is what happened
there. This morning, we have an opening
range formation that stayed, I mean,
again, another very tight morning.
Anchored VWAP
from the prior day is what they're
trying to hold on that 66 40
five-ish, 66 47, something like that.
The 4:00 a.m. candlestick
just inside the 30-minute candlestick
formation before re-tracing down. Very
messy. I mean, very
very messy price action, but the fractal
line shows that it is a measure of front
line resistance. And so, what does that
mean?
It means that
unless we break the 30-minute high of
the opening range, which is still the
relative high, we tested it a couple of
times, immediately rejected it. Unless
that happens, this is downward action.
But, the moment it gets up over that 66
80,
we're going to see that unwind. My
thought is that this
yesterday is what told the tale. This
big move up, unwinding of the hedges,
that's really what we saw there. So,
today
might be a nothing burger until 3:30,
and then we're going to see some more
price action events. So, for right now,
we get above the pivot, which is that 66
57-ish area, we could go to 66 80, and
then
we can see a little bit of motion. The
hedges are going to continue to unwind,
but I think the majority of it was done
yesterday. I don't have any idea why my
volume is not
There we go.
And
Yeah, I normally have a volume indicator
there that's a little different, but
whatever.
All right. So, what's the floor? The
floor today appears to be the zero DTE
put wall, which is 6,600.
Ceiling today
could be 67 50, but that's 150 points
away. So, could be volatile. What is
trend?
You know,
big picture sideways. Excuse me, big
picture down for the last 3 days.
Tighter picture a little bit sideways.
So, buying underneath, selling above.
That's what we're staring down at this
juncture. I like the thought of trying
to pick the bottom. I would love to see
a bottoming formation here, and then the
ability to rise. A lot of big
analysts are calling for us to rise into
the next 2 months. Um
I don't know. I I I feel somewhat
skeptical about that. This is the 200,
I believe, yes. This is the 200 simple
moving average. This is the number we
are battling to recover.
See it here?
We're underneath.
67 70 is the number we need to close
above 67 80 ultimately, and then back
above 6800, it's free sailing. But,
until then,
the sellers are in charge. So, I don't
see anything that tells me, "Hey,
listen, this is going to be great." But,
prior support gave us the first pass
bounce. Momentum is in negative trending
territory, so bounces should be the sell
zone. What is that? Anywhere between the
anchored VWAP, 66 47,
the value area low, 66 50,
and the pivot, 66 60, any of those areas
could give us a resistance zone. Okay?
And the 66 60 is the low of the 4:00
a.m. candlestick. So, you want to be
structurally careful. We have demand
below us supply above us, and a big fat
ping pong of inventory accumulation. If
we want to just stare the big inventory
pocket down, it's this one right here.
Remember, traders
collect inventory in order to distribute
it. Okay? So, that's that great big edge
that we are looking at. We are in range
of the prior day.
We are also in value of the prior day.
Now, we're not in value of the larger
formation. We've fallen out of that, but
the goal is to get above it. So, the
question is, 2 days sideways, can we
bounce up? My suspicion is we get up
above that 66 80, they're going to start
to run. So, you want to be careful.
They've got to get out of the supply
zones. That 66 90 could be a little
choppy unless it comes at 3:30, and
there's a big unwind, and it's going to
run like the wind.
Let's take a look at the NQ.
All right. Same sort of story. Uh,
essentially
in the range of yesterday.
Same
lows. They held the same lows, sitting
in the same highs. Big pocket.
Call wall
all the way down at 24,800.
Now, interestingly, in a mid-term
election
cycle,
tech tends to underperform.
It's the only place tech underperforms.
Why?
I got no clue.
And I don't really know if it's going to
be true this time because from a
seasonality perspective,
nothing's carved in stone. We're just
looking at the statistics. So, the put
wall
is still sitting at 24,000. The zero DTE
put wall is 24,250.
And that call wall coming all the way
down at 24,750
is
something very interesting to look at.
All right. So, that being said,
this is our big pocket.
We will probably have continuation into
the put wall if it loses the edge.
Stiff buying pressure in downward
momentum.
Downward trend under the pivot, under
the VWAP. So, what's that telling us?
Bounces are sell zones. Until when,
Anne-Marie? Same sort of thing. Take a
look at what happened
three Oops, 6:30
end
in our candle,
and then the 4:00 a.m. just touches the
inside,
but does not move above.
So, the go no-go line to me,
24,658.
Now,
if they happen to go up there in one big
shot, do not jump in the way because
that is going to be another rotation,
but you can see the unwind here. Just as
much volume
in the opening candlestick formation as
the 3:00 candle, where all the unwind is
sitting.
Essentially, most of the pre-market
sat
right around the closing candlestick,
the 3:30
Eastern time candlestick to 4:00 p.m.
Look at how many pockets are in there.
The loss of that zone, which is right
around the pivot,
gives us an inkling as to what price
action might do up there. Bounces are
sell zones.
Where's the sell? Right at the pivot,
right at the 4-hour, right at that 3:30
candlestick. I mean, we're looking at
anywhere from 24,520
to
>> [snorts]
>> 24,580.
All right? And the stop
is at the top of 30-minute high.
That's going to be our dividing line
between the buyers and the sellers. So,
above that zone, we've got ourselves
price action.
Yeah, above that zone, we've got
ourselves bullish price action. And
then, could we go into yesterday's
pivot? Absolutely. Notice the rotations.
We've got
interesting midnight candlestick
formations over here. We know how the NQ
loves that midnight formation. But,
momentum
had been down, but it's trying to lift.
It's still in negative territory. Trend,
flat for the last 2 days, but
essentially down in general. Here we are
with relation to the 200, still well
underneath it.
Sellers still in control until we
probably breach
I'm going to say
25,000
300 25,400.
That's That's going to be the marker to
me for
these guys. All right, let's go to my
crew Bitcoin.
Try to hold.
Absolutely fell off cliff.
Back in Jan, and now still trying to
make these higher lows.
See? Still trying to make the higher
lows. What are we looking at?
This is a flag pattern.
If it breaks,
we've got ourselves a nice run. Right
now, the call wall is at 73,000.
You know, we're under the call wall, so
the call sellers are winning, but we're
also under the put wall. Remember, a put
wall is supposed to sit below a call
wall, which tells me that the traders
that are buying and selling options in
this particular contract, they just do
not have the savvy that the traders that
are trading the ES, the
the RTY, they just are not the same
caliber. And so, these things get
topsy-turvy all the time. It's It just
happens. So, what are we going to look
at?
Dips are buys here, but only into
resistance. Look where the 200 is.
All the way up at 100,000 dollars.
All right, so what are we looking at?
Price action looks the same as the
indices. Sideways formations last couple
of days. But, these guys, instead of
trending down,
trending up.
So,
I'm not quite Maybe the dollar is taking
a little bit of a dip. I don't know, but
here's what we see.
We're We're in range and in value, but
this is yesterday's opening candlestick
formation,
and the top is 71,500. Now, this was the
area that I said, "Hey, if it comes back
to 71,
I'll take it."
But, instead of just coming down and
holding, it fought right around there,
and then collapsed.
Now,
it is
as we come into 71, we'll be with the
VWAP under us as support, instead of
above us as resistance. So, the shape of
the formation has changed.
Could we do it? Potentially. Where's the
upside? 73,000. If we lose the anchored
VWAP at 70, and that is the anchor from
yesterday's close,
we should have downward pressure to the
tune of about 2,000 dollars.
Opening range, very tight.
4:00 a.m. candlestick,
almost the same range as the opening
candlestick of the prior day, the Globex
open. So, that's very interesting. We
don't really need to draw another box
around there, but it does tell us
something's cooking.
My thought is, up and over the edge,
upside pressure.
Upside pressure. So, what are we staring
down?
Value area low needs to hold as support.
This 70,000 is very key. Pulls in, give
it a go. If it loses it, you get out. If
it recaptures it,
you give it a go.
But, only a couple of times, really
small, because if it can't
bounce and give us a higher high,
we've got ourselves price action that's
sideways. Take a look at where momentum
is. Absolutely sideways. Okay, let's
take a look at oil.
Lot of news last night that said, "Hey,
listen, oil is definitely coming down."
Israel has agreed not to strike any more
of
the infrastructure associated with oil
and the like.
So, there you have it.
Um
What are we staring down?
Look at how many days in this range.
Take a look.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 days.
Value area low, 93. Value area high,
96. Now, this is I believe this is a
forcible
push down based on, "Hey, the US does
not need higher price oil. Nobody needs
higher price oil. We're going to push it
back down." If it falls through, my
thoughts on alternative energy
are going to get a little
kick in the tush, as it were.
But,
when things if, for having stance,
things get even more heated,
nobody's going to care. And there's
There's nothing that tells me, based on
history, and that's the thing about
history, when you're in it, you forget
that you're being history,
and so, people forget to learn from
history. So,
history tells us
this is not going to be a short event.
History tells us it's going to be a long
event, a long game.
Persian mindset is
uh
very strong. Even though the people want
freedom, the people in charge do not.
And that's, you know, I mean,
that's like here, only a different
flavor.
All right, so, are we in range or value?
Well, we're in range of the prior day's
trading event, but we're not in value.
Right? We're just sitting underneath the
big value area right above here.
The pivot, 96.50, has been the first
line of rejection. So, we're sort of
ping-ponging between the the VWAP, which
is 94.40,
and the pivot. So, upward flow on
momentum, sideways flow on the price
action. What is this? It is a gigantic
mash pit.
Where do the sellers control?
92.50.
Where are the buyers going to resume?
100.
We spiked up there yesterday,
but then
Israel came out and made that statement,
and then we fell off a cliff. So, the
question is, are we going to hold? I
think so, but it's going to be very
choppy in this range. We want to be
super careful.
You know, if you want to trade it,
93.16
cents
uh a baseline support. The pivot
baseline resistance, 96.58.
So, there's 3 dollars of motion in
there. That's a lot of cash. Anchored
VWAP, 97.65
cents.
97.50, we've got a very big supply zone
above us at 100. So, watch for news. I
think the indices are going to take
grandstand.
They're going to take the grandstand
eyeballs, and and not gold, because we
Excuse me, not oil, because we have so
much rotating and closing. All right,
finally, if we take a look at gold, what
we see is
a real fall off. A lot of people are
saying, "Hey, you know, this price
action is
unusual." Like I mentioned, why?
Geopolitically thing Maybe things are
calming down. This has got nothing to do
with geopolitical motion. This is all
got to do with the strength of the
dollar. And if the dollar fades,
this is going to bounce, and if the
dollar bounces, this is going to fade.
So, and this is a loose correlation.
It's not exact. So, what do we have?
Upward trend
in the near term, downward trend in the
longer term. Let's see where we are in
relation to that 200. It's still well
below us. That's 4,000.
The put wall, holy smokes.
We are
We were almost
That put wall has moved down, for sure.
So, notice the strangeness here. Call
wall underneath the put wall. That's uh
no bueno.
Right? So, only one group is winning
here.
The group that's winning is
the guys at the put wall currently that
want price to move up. The call wall
being all the way down at 4,400,
and the put wall being all the way up at
4,600. This is very unusual. Doesn't
normally happen.
Um
I'm not sure Not sure why. Maybe folks
did not They were caught flat-footed
thinking that gold [snorts] would
continue rise under the geopolitical
strain instead of being subjected to the
dollar, which as we know remains master
and commander.
Right? So, what do we have? Floor
support 4636.
We lose that level, more sellers in
charge. Listen,
we've got negative gamma.
If we lose the put wall,
the market makers will have to sell more
oil, excuse me, sell more gold to bring
their delta negative. So, you're going
to see dynamic hedging if it loses this
edge, just like yesterday.
Big dynamic hedge and then they
immediately start rolling it off after
it holds traction from the bottom. Okay?
Very, very big deal.
Uh very mathematical motion because
they're carrying all of these things on
their books. What is the top of the
formation? 4700 and
30. That's going to give us our flow.
So, between 4730,
4635,
we're going to have sideways. If we lose
it, going to see dynamic hedging to the
downside, really move sharply
until they recover and then the upward
flow 4732
moves into the VWAP 4786
4800. But, that is not going to happen
unless the dollar fades in my
estimation. Finally, here we've got spy.
Spy trying to hold the bottom. Trying to
hold yesterday's lows.
Very important number. If they do it,
great. They're going to try and work
their way up to the pivot.
And the pivot today is
660. That's also the put wall. Remember,
we open up under the put wall, we're
going to have dynamic hedging because
the flow, we're negative gamma. So,
dynamic hedging pushes that down.
Listen, if these words are just too big
and fancy and you're like, what is she
talking about? Just remember, the big
green line here under negative trend
will force the market makers to amplify
the move. That's what happens. And so,
if you've got negative flow and it loses
that key support area, don't be buying
any dips. That's what that means. Okay?
All right. Floorboard 650.
We got a big We got a big gamma wall at
651.
And
the big high to watch 665 and then value
area low. We are underneath the range of
the prior day here. We're actually
battling at the corner of it. So,
what does that look like?
It looks like a battle under negative
trend and so they're likely to sell it
off, but we're looking for a higher low.
And if news comes in and it breaks
through this area of support we have
listed at 656,
it's going to try to run into the
anchored VWAP at 658.
Be very careful today. A lot of things
happening in the market. Daily options
expire, weekly options expire, monthly
options expire, quarterly options
expire, and we're in negative gamma
flow, and we just had an FOMC that said,
"Hey, we've got to pump the brakes." And
we had a hot PPI number.
You just got to be careful. All right.
Take care, everybody. I'll see you on
the streams.